Google ads is an auction place or as I
like to think about it a Battleground if
your ad doesn't get in front of the
right Searcher it's game over doesn't
matter how great your copy is or your
landing page it's not the right
[Music]
person now the remarkable thing about
Google ads is that you can be number one
on the page and pay less than your
competitors who are in positions lower
than you meaning it's not just about
who's willing to pay the most that
Google will show on the top of the surup
it's about who's the most
relevant relevance is the game and
organization is how you win you'll never
be a pro without a process repeatable
results aren't magic they come from
following and executing
plans if you know absolutely nothing
about Google ads I want you to feel rest
assure that you are in the right place
you're going to walk away from this
course knowing how to launch your first
campaign successfully in as little time
possible with every one of our lessons
being less than 10 minutes by
[Music]
Design there's 8.5 billion searches
happening every day on Google and we're
going to learn how to show up for the
right ones and protect your budget from
wasted
[Music]
spend predictable results come from
consistent measurement so you're going
to learn how to measure like an investor
and train Google's AI to find more
customers for you
there are so many resources throughout
this course the amount of knowledge you
are about to receive is going to be
insane
[Music]